NAME                                                           ID              SIZE      MODIFIED     
deepseek-r1:1.5b                                               a42b25d8c10a    1.1 GB    12 days ago     
deepseek-r1:14b                                                ea35dfe18182    9.0 GB    12 days ago     
deepseek-r1:32b                                                38056bbcbb2d    19 GB     12 days ago     
deepseek-r1:7b                                                 0a8c26691023    4.7 GB    12 days ago     
gemma2:2b                                                      8ccf136fdd52    1.6 GB    12 days ago     
gemma3:12b                                                     6fd036cefda5    8.1 GB    3 days ago      
gemma3:1b                                                      2d27a774bc62    815 MB    3 days ago      
gemma3:27b                                                     30ddded7fba6    17 GB     3 days ago      
gemma3:4b                                                      c0494fe00251    3.3 GB    3 days ago      
granite-embedding:278m                                         1a37926bf842    562 MB    47 hours ago    
granite-embedding:30m                                          eb4c533ba6f7    62 MB     47 hours ago    
granite3-dense:2b                                              5c2e6f3112f4    1.6 GB    2 days ago      
granite3-dense:8b                                              199456d876ee    4.9 GB    35 hours ago    
granite3-guardian:2b                                           ba81a177bd23    2.7 GB    47 hours ago    
granite3-guardian:8b                                           c8d7d5c76685    5.8 GB    47 hours ago    
granite3-moe:1b                                                d84e1e38ee39    821 MB    47 hours ago    
granite3-moe:3b                                                157f538ae66e    2.1 GB    47 hours ago    
granite3.1-dense:2b                                            fba1ad01113e    1.6 GB    47 hours ago    
granite3.1-dense:8b                                            34d3be74ec54    5.0 GB    35 hours ago    
granite3.1-moe:1b                                              3269ce3e31ea    1.4 GB    47 hours ago    
granite3.1-moe:3b                                              b43d80d7fca7    2.0 GB    2 days ago      
granite3.2-vision:2b                                           3be41a661804    2.4 GB    2 days ago      
granite3.2:2b                                                  9d79a41f2f75    1.5 GB    2 days ago      
granite3.2:8b                                                  9bcb3335083f    4.9 GB    2 days ago      
huggingface.co/unsloth/OLMo-2-0325-32B-Instruct-GGUF:latest    cf1af645fa5b    19 GB     26 hours ago    
mistral-small:22b                                              d095cd553b04    12 GB     12 days ago     
mistral-small:24b                                              8039dd90c113    14 GB     12 days ago     
mistral:7b                                                     f974a74358d6    4.1 GB    47 hours ago    
mixtral:8x7b                                                   a3b6bef0f836    26 GB     35 hours ago    
moondream:1.8b                                                 55fc3abd3867    1.7 GB    12 days ago     
phi3.5:3.8b                                                    61819fb370a3    2.2 GB    2 days ago      
phi4-mini:3.8b                                                 78fad5d182a7    2.5 GB    3 days ago      
phi4:14b                                                       ac896e5b8b34    9.1 GB    3 days ago      
qwen2.5-coder:1.5b                                             6d3abb8d2d53    986 MB    12 days ago     
qwen2.5-coder:32b                                              4bd6cbf2d094    19 GB     10 days ago     
qwen2.5-coder:7b                                               2b0496514337    4.7 GB    12 days ago     
qwen2.5:0.5b                                                   a8b0c5157701    397 MB    12 days ago     
qwen2.5:1.5b                                                   65ec06548149    986 MB    12 days ago     
qwen2.5:14b                                                    7cdf5a0187d5    9.0 GB    12 days ago     
qwen2.5:32b                                                    9f13ba1299af    19 GB     12 days ago     
qwen2.5:7b                                                     845dbda0ea48    4.7 GB    12 days ago     
qwq:32b                                                        cc1091b0e276    19 GB     3 days ago      
shieldgemma:2b                                                 5aad5044d142    1.7 GB    12 days ago     
snowflake-arctic-embed2:568m                                   5de93a84837d    1.2 GB    12 days ago     
snowflake-arctic-embed:110m                                    8a0d86a3ca1d    218 MB    12 days ago     
snowflake-arctic-embed:137m                                    12616299a158    274 MB    12 days ago     
snowflake-arctic-embed:22m                                     bf75350e1752    45 MB     12 days ago     
snowflake-arctic-embed:335m                                    21ab8b9b0545    669 MB    12 days ago     
snowflake-arctic-embed:33m                                     e8db018629b4    67 MB     12 days ago     
tinyllama:1.1b                                                 2644915ede35    637 MB    12 days ago     
yuiseki/qwq-bakeneko:32b                                       0a057c2ec5af    12 GB     35 hours ago    
yuiseki/sarashina2.2:0.5b                                      9b1da88556d2    528 MB    35 hours ago    
yuiseki/sarashina2.2:1b                                        30e28bb6e7d4    931 MB    35 hours ago    
yuiseki/sarashina2.2:3b                                        c5989f2f6b11    2.1 GB    35 hours ago    
yuiseki/tinyswallow:1.5b                                       0e97ad180c16    1.1 GB    12 days ago     
yuiseki/tinyswallow:1.5b-instruct                              0e97ad180c16    1.1 GB    35 hours ago    
